# Examples of web applications on asp.net core

The repository contains interesting solutions that can be useful when developing web applications on ASP.NET Core:

* The ***auto_complete*** project presents the asp.net core 5.0 drop-down list on the razor page with filtering of the data entered in the text field;
* The ***dropdownlist*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. In it, depending on the selected state from the drop-down list of countries, the population size for various cities related to the selected element is displayed.
* The ***crud_simple*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents CRUD operations in the simplest and most classic way using the example of a list of apartments. An object repository is created and presented as a table. In this view, it is possible to add a record. Each item in the list can be changed and removed. A separate view is used to work with the list item.
* The ***crud_single*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents CRUD operations on one page using an example of a list of apartments. An object repository is created and presented as a table. In it, you can add a record without switching to another view. Each item in the list can be changed or removed without switching to a different view.
* The ***crud_ajax*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents CRUD operations using ajax technology on the example of a list of apartments. An object repository is created and presented as a table. In it, you can add or change a record by opening a modal window. It is possible to delete an item.
* The ***table_group*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents one of the ways to group data using the example of a list of offices, in which users are grouped according to their belonging to a particular office. By expanding the node corresponding to the selected office, we have the opportunity to display the table of users by it.
* The ***table_sort*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents one of the ways to sort the fields of the table using the example of a list of some personal data of individuals. The user clicks on a column heading. The list is sorted by this field, first in ascending order, then in descending order.
* The ***table_pagination*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. One of the ways to create a page-by-page view of information in a table is presented on the example of a list of some personal data of individuals. The user has the ability to select the number of records on one page, and then navigate through the pages of the table.
* The ***update_panel_ajax*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. The solution is one of the ways to update the visual interface using ajax technology. The user fills in some form data and submits it asynchronously. During the process, a modal window appears, blocking all actions. After 5 sec. after the end of sending data, the user will receive a notification about the end of the process in the form of a pop-up notification that contains the information he has entered. When emulating an error, choosing the required option in the form, you can get the corresponding message.
* The ***DatePicker*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It introduces the use of the date picker. The example shows the localization of the element.
* The ***authorization*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents one of the ways to create secure pages, access to which is possible only after authorization in the system. The project demonstrates the use of graphic captcha, working with session variables, cookies and filters.
* The ***file_hosting*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents the basic operations of working with files: uploading to the server, downloading from the server and deleting. Files uploaded to the server are presented in a tabular form sorted in descending order of upload dates.
* The ***async_file_upload*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents a simple upload of an arbitrary file to the server and checking its size using ajax.
* The ***timer_ajax*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. It presents an option to update table data by timer using ajax for an arbitrary list of notifications sent at a given time. If the sending time has already passed, then the table for notification displays information about the successful completion of the process, if the time has not come, then information about the progress of the process is displayed.
* The ***crud_blazor*** project is a sample asp.net core 5.0 application. Presents CRUD operations using the blazor server component on the example of the list of insured. An object repository is created and displayed as a table. On the main page, you can add or change a record. It is possible to delete an item.
